Clarify retry policies (#3319)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/webhooks/index.md

### Retries

> Segment will retry any request that fails due to temporary errors like timeouts and 5xx status codes for up to four hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment retries any request that fails due to temporary errors like timeouts and 5xx status codes for up to four hours.
```
